# Medical-Equipment-Open-Source-Compilation-Guide
Compilation Guide for Open Source Medical Equipment for Nepal

Disclaimer:
This document is prepared as a Do It Yourself Compilation Guide for Nepali engineers, biomedical enthusiasts and entrepreneurs for last minute resorts to tackle the COVID-19 or such disastrous incidents. This is in no way shape or form a replacement for hospitals or medical professionals. This is only a means of use in emergency situations for individuals under dire stress for the individuals of their own accord.
The author/s do not hold authority, responsibility or liability of any actions generated by the reader as a result of this document. This document is meant only as an open source compilation of critical medical equipment needed for people in Nepal since trading routes are closed and widespread pandemic could create a shortage for medical equipment.

Warning:
The author/s do not claim to be experts or authority over any medical field. The sole responsibility of the harm to any individual as a result of any equipment created using this document rests in the creator of such equipment. The author/s shall not be held responsible for the risk of untested equipment or the failures of the inventor of such equipment.
Always proceed with caution and seek permissions from necessary legal entity and abide by the laws of Government of Nepal. Human Lives are precious, thus treat it as such. As fitting, this document is sited as Open Source by the MIT License.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

